Add middleware section to consoles page and clean up some outdated text (#10828)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/platform/consoles.rst

Currently, the only console Godot officially supports is Steam Deck (through the
official Linux export templates).

> The reason other consoles are not officially supported is explained in this
> article `About Official Console Ports <https://godotengine.org/article/about-official-console-ports/>`__

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The reasons other consoles are not officially supported are legal liability,
disproportionate cost, and open source licensing issues. The reasons are explained in the
article `About Official Console Ports <https://godotengine.org/article/about-official-console-ports/>`__
```
We should at least list the high level reasons in the docs but link for the full explanation.

  Switch porting and publishing of Godot games.
- `Seaven Studio <https://www.seaven-studio.com/>`_ offers
  Switch, Xbox One, Xbox Series, PlayStation 4 & PlayStation 5 porting of Godot games.
- `Sickhead Games <https://www.sickhead.com>`_ offers 
  console porting to Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series X/S for Godot games.

If your company offers porting, or porting *and* publishing services for Godot games,
feel free to
`contact the Godot Foundation <https://godot.foundation/#contact>`_
to add your company to the list above.

Middleware
----------

> Middleware ports are available through the consoler vendor's website. They

Reviewer: Is "consoler" a typo or refers to the porting company? Either way should be fixed or changed to a more common term, if it's not a typo

Author: Typo!

provide you with a version of Godot that can natively run on the console.
Typically, you do the actual work of adapting your game to the various consoles

> yourself. In other words, the middleware provided has ported _Godot_ to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
yourself. In other words, the middleware provided has ported *Godot* to the
```
Assuming you want italics
